The cntdwn package
Dated: 2014/11/26

Version v.6 fixes a problem brought on by hyperref. The latter package
removes underscores from field names. We have a workaround for that.

New: The original version, v.3, had a simple way of calculating the number
of years (based on 365 days to the year) for a long countdown.  This was
not a problem for counts less than one year, or for counts that spanned
several years that did not include leap years. This version, v.5, takes
into account the presence of leap years and now gives a correct year, day,
hour, minute, and second representation of the time difference between the
current time and the target event. In v.5a, a new key-value
pair,autorunenabled, is added; for the long countdown,
autorunenabled=false suppresses the autorun feature and can be
dynamically turned on or off using JavaScript.

The cntdwn package provides three sets of timers:

1.  A short countdown (or count up) to an event. (Short being defined as
    less than a day.) The short countdown is designed for talks or
    presentations. There are three notification times, to announce to the
    speaker and audience that time is running out.
2. A long countdown to an event in the (distant) future. There are three
    notifications leading up to the main event (when counter reaches 0 seconds), and
    three notifications following the main event.
3. Clock counters. The cntdwn package allows you to create a clocks that
    display time and date. Clocks can show local time or time in any
    foreign time zone.

Extensive customizations are possible, either by redefining commands, or
creating your own JavaScript functions (using the eforms package) to
handler the various notification time events.

Requirements: The eforms and hyperref packages.

Simple examples of each type accompany the distribution, advanced examples
have been published on my AeB Blog site
http://www.math.uakron.edu/~dpstory/aebblog.html

Now, I simply must get back to my retirement.

Dr. D. P. Story
www.acrotex.net
dpstory@uakron.edu
dpstory@acrotex.net
